STAR HAIR SALON
SUPPLEMENT FOR CHILDREN, VITA BEST
CHILD ACTRESS HA YEON-SU
ALSO A MODEL
All right. Show me your lips.
You look pretty.
You look so pretty.
All done.
Hey, don't frown.
I see you're pouting. Don't frown.
Why do I have to go?
Who will look after Yeon-su
while I eat with the director?
Your dad doesn't care.
He just says he's busy.
You can help me when you're off school.
I can't be in two places at once.
I already have plans.
With whom?
With a friend.
Postpone it.
Yeon-su's work is important,
but my plans aren't?
I can't postpone it last minute.
If it's a friend,
you can meet her again another day.
Come on!
Don't make me say it again.
Don't sit back, Yeon-su.
You'll ruin your hairdo.
Hey, lend me your cell phone.
-Why?
-Just lend it to me.
Go away!
Mom, Mun-su is meeting a boy--
Hey, don't tell her.
-Mom--
-Don't tell her.
-Mom!
-Do you want to die?
Hey!
Do you have everything?
If you can't find it, call this number.
It's Yeon-su's manager's.
Don't take your eyes off her. Okay?
-And you'll buy me a cell phone?
-Just do it gladly.
You always argue.
The other kids have cell phones.
I'm the only one who doesn't.
Who has one? Do I have to ask?
Yeon-su does.
She only uses it
when she has a photo shoot.
Go on, hurry up.
The weather is so nice, Mun-su.
Look at the sky.
-You're so pretty, just like a doll.
-She is.
Look at her skin. It's like porcelain.
Mun-su.
I'M HERE, WHERE ARE YOU?
SEONG-JAE
-Mun-su, I want to come too.
-No, you can't.
I'll just look at his face and leave.
Don't follow me, or you're dead.
Mun-su!
What?
What did you say?
OPENING AT THE END OF AUGUST
It's a dream.
A dream that always ends the same,
no matter what I do.
SANHO PUBLIC BATHS
SAUNA, DO NOT USE WATER
SLIPPERY SURFACE
Good morning.
You can go in.
OPEN
Are you refusing to work?
That's not what we're saying.
You need to pay us half our overdue wages.
You must be stuffed.
We're doing this because we're not.
What?
Asshole.
Listen up.
Consider yourselves lucky
that you at least have a job.
I'd pay you if I had the money.
The containers are piled up.
Many of them are impounded.
We haven't paid the docking fees.
The company is having a hard time.
We should share the difficulties--
Why should we?
You're interrupting again?
Think about it.
We don't benefit from company profits.
Why should people like us,
who get mistreated,
have to share the burden?
Hey, come here.
Come here, I said.
Have you lost your mind, punk?
How dare you talk back to me?
Just do as you're told.
Stop being a smart-ass.
Understood?
I'm asking you.
If you get it, then get lost, you beggar!
Beggar?
Do I look like I'm begging?
You punk!
Let go. Let go, I said!
Asshole!
Pay us for our work, you jerk!
Call your mom. She has a customer.
PLEASE PAY AT THE HAIR SALON
Mom.
Get up. You have a customer.
She wants a perm.
Get up.
Gosh, I'm exhausted.
Why on earth
does she want to get a perm?
SOJU CHAMISUL
Gang-du!
Did you get into a fight again?
Did you lose?
Look at my face.
How do you think the other jerk ended up?
-He's pretty much dead?
-Exactly.
Have a bite.
Damn.
It's delicious.
Hello?
Yes.
All right.
-Where are you going?
-To work.
You can't even get paid from your job.
Hang out with me.
-I can't.
-Why not?
I don't have a nice mom like yours.
I'll come with you.
Mom told me not to come here
because it's dangerous.
Making money is dangerous,
so stop following me.
Darling, come play with me.
I'll show you a good time.
-Go home.
-Come with me.
I'll give you a free service. Let's go.
Answer me.
Okay, I'll go home.
Go.
-Honey, come and hang out with us.
-Sweetie.
MARY AND CLUB BAR
NO MINORS
Its size will require city planning.
-Sir.
-Miniature models won't work.
-In that case…
-Sir.
What?
Well,
didn't you say you'd come next week?
Are you done already?
Did you check the blueprint?
The blueprint?
You're going to erect pillars
13 meters apart?
-You can't build like that.
-Are you the architect?
Just make it.
It's their job to make adjustments.
When it snows here,
we get a 30-centimeter layer in no time.
The roof weight limit is too low.
If it snows, the building will collapse.
-Hey!
-What?
Let's just follow the orders.
They said it's for presentation purposes.
It's their responsibility
to make revisions after a survey.
-We just need to make the model.
-Sir.
Yes?
-What?
-Would you live there?
With your children?
Ask them to correct the blueprint.
I'll finish the model by the deadline.
She's really good with her hands,
but she can be too demanding.
Gosh!
How will I make them break up this time?
This lovey-dovey couple
is driving me crazy.
I don't know
why I have to go through this.
Aren't they ending up together?
Exactly. Why would they break up
just to get back together?
Other webcomic characters are wild,
causing a whirlwind.
But my characters are so calm.
They don't need a reason.
Some couples don't have
a specific reason to break up.
Don't you know cause and effect?
The story has to be
plausible and acceptable.
Forget all that.
You need good-looking main characters.
Your drawings are too realistic
for a love story.
Make the girl super pretty.
The story will make sense
no matter what they say.
Will they redo the blueprint?
Another project already?
How big is it?
Biotown?
No, if they just want me
to make study models…
How attractive is the proposal?
Why isn't she coming? She called me.
She's here.
Get me a cup of ice water.
Vulgar jerks…
You're here early.
Are you okay?
Of course I am.
You don't look okay, though.
Happens to me all the time.
You wanted to see me?
This girl recently started working
after getting plastic surgery,
but he beat her up.
You've heard that Biotown
will be built in Useok-dong, right?
-Where?
-Behind this bar.
There was a rumor
that it would be redeveloped.
The assailant works
for the director of that company.
He bragged about being an on-site manager,
but look at what he did.
Forget about him.
He won't listen to anybody.
Talk to the director.
Tell him she's your sister.
She should get compensation
for the assault.
To help her recover.
-The boss is asking for you.
-Okay!
He's no ordinary guy. Be careful.
I'll take 20%.
That's why I like you.
CHEONGYU CONSTRUCTION
JUNG YU-TAEK, DIRECTOR
Mun-su.
I'm going home.
-Bye, Auntie. Thanks for your hard work.
-Your mom…
I'll get going.
Stop drinking.
-Why?
-I have a meeting tomorrow.
-You have to manage here on your own.
-I can't.
I struggled when you weren't here today.
That's why you need to stop drinking.
Make sure people don't pay less.
-Last time--
-You know what tomorrow is?
They say a child resembles you
on the outside, but not on the inside.
I have no idea what's on your mind.
Are you dull or sly?
Don't drink on an empty stomach.
I don't deserve to eat when I drink.
Then I'll eat it.
You can blame me instead.
SANHO PUBLIC BATHS
CHEONGYU CONSTRUCTION
JUNG YU-TAEK, DIRECTOR
Gang-du.
Let's go.
LEE GANG-DU, MOKSAN MIDDLE SCHOOL
Mr. Lee!
If you leave now, who will finish up?
Right. I'll just add
a steel sheet, then leave.
It won't take long.
Go and have some ice cream.
Sorry.
MOKSAN MIDDLE SCHOOL
No.
No! There's someone in here!
Can you hear me?
CHEONGYU CONSTRUCTION
JUNG YU-TAEK, DIRECTOR
Who are you?
I'm her brother.
If you wanted fun,
you should have enjoyed drinking.
I heard your friend
smashed my sister's face in.
How did you get in here?
Get out.
Where's security? They let this bum in--
I came up here on my own.
Don't blame innocent people.
I want to leave too.
Let's talk about compensation.
Her face is all swollen.
What made him so angry?
No.
In any case, he shouldn't have done it.
Some brother, using your escort sister
to blackmail her customers.
You should work
instead of taking other people's money.
That's what I'm saying.
My sister just turned 20
and she was working hard for her money,
doing a menial job.
She's your daughter's age.
She put up with you guys with a smile.
You can't do this to her.
Stay calm.
Let's just talk about the compensation.
That's what you guys are good at.
You look down at the world from up here.
Do people look like nothing to you?
How do you know our president?
We'll see how good you are
once the project begins.
Mr. Seo specifically chose you
for this project.
Do you know him personally?
-Who are you talking about?
-Don't you know Architect Seo Ju-won?
I don't think so.
This is a big project.
We'll need to make dozens of test models.
We'll need models
every time we get a new blueprint.
-You need to work full-time in the office.
-In the office?
I hadn't heard anything about that.
Were you planning to work
on this big project at home?
The best architectural firms
are taking part,
but Mr. Seo is the only sole proprietor.
He's amazing.
A chance like this
with your work experience--
Is this bridge on the third floor
connected to all the buildings?
Without a roof, it feels open.
It gets sunlight all day, doesn't it?
I see. People take the same route
whichever entrance they use.
That's interesting.
What are you doing?
When would you like me to start?
This is a storage room.
But if we clean it up
and put in a laser cutting machine
and a worktable, it'll do.
Hi, Mr. Seo.
Sorry?
Didn't you give Mr. Seo the sample?
The design team wasn't ready,
so I gave him…
the original.
Why is it here?
He has a meeting at one o'clock.
Who will deliver it to him?
I'm Seo Ju-won.
I have a meeting at one o'clock.
I saw Seo Ju-won go up a while ago.
I'm sorry I'm late, Mr. Jung.
Do you have another appointment?
He's right on time.
I'm done. You can talk to him.
I'm Seo Ju-won.
I didn't ask.
You used my name to come in.
Don't ever touch a stranger
without permission.
I have the sample design.
Where should I go?
Meet me at the 16th floor elevator.
Sixteenth floor?
I'm not even halfway there.
Watch where you're going.
What now?
Will you stay like this?
Are you Mr. Seo Ju-won?
Why…
I'm Ha Mun-su.
Buildup Model introduced me to you.
Nice to meet you.
Here you are.
Bye, then.
Wait.
Yes?
Take the elevator.
No, I prefer the stairs.
Do you sell umbrellas?
Please wait a moment.
It's 3,000 won.
Display them here. It's going to rain.
Rain?
The weather is fine.
You know what tomorrow is?
Get in.
No, it's okay.
It's raining. Get in.
I'll take the bus.
We haven't even signed the contract,
but I made you run an errand.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
And you came here in vain.
The meeting was canceled.
I'm terribly sorry.
Please stop.
I'm fine, really.
If you keep apologizing,
I'll feel uncomfortable.
I'm sorry…
I guess apologizing is a habit of mine.
It's better than not doing it.
I reviewed the blueprint.
You were right.
Sorry?
The pillars have to be eight meters apart.
The weight of the roof
will increase by at least 30%.
If snow piles up on it,
as you said,
it will collapse.
I insisted
that your boss introduce you to me.
By the way, you took the stairs
to come up to the 16th floor, right?
Why don't you take the elevator?
Well…
It feels stuffy, I can't see outside.
Here.
You'll get fired after all.
Just work with me.
No.
Then just have a drink.
-Why not?
-There are no windows here.
It's stuffy.
-The building Cheongyu is planning.
-Yes?
It's a big project.
They must need workers.
What? You said
you didn't want to work with me.
It doesn't matter what kind of work it is.
Please find me a job there.
Jeez, how could you not notice
the fist-sized abscess on your bottom?
Don't endure pain,
or you'll end up
spending more than you earn.
Is it raining?
No. It stopped.
Goodness, you must be in trouble.
These are called painkillers,
but they're simply narcotics.
Don't take too many of them.
You'll damage your liver.
Why so much?
Please send it to Jae-yeong for me.
You don't pay your interest,
but you're still her brother?
She should have a decent life.
She's different from me.
You have the same mother.
You're no different.
We're different.
Do me a favor.
Auntie.
-Hey.
-Why are you here?
-Where's Mom?
-We have no customers.
Your mom went out earlier and…
Gosh. Please watch my bag.
-Say that to my face.
-Good grief.
-You've been gossiping about me.
-What are you doing?
She said she didn't do it.
Don't accuse an innocent person.
I heard her!
What did you hear?
It's gross. You're drunk in the daytime.
So you outlived your child.
You should lead a quite life.
Shame on you.
You opened the bathhouse
with the money your child earned.
You should hang your head
in shame and work hard.
You get drunk and cause trouble.
You have no shame.
I'm back, Mom. Let's go.
How many bottles did she have?
Here.
Let's go, Mom.
Bye.
Come on.
-Take her and put her to bed.
-Okay. Bye.
My goodness.
Do you also think I'm being unreasonable?
Are you?
Yes.
Why are you being like this?
I don't want to forget.
What?
I need a constant reminder
that Yeon-su died so young.
Otherwise, sometimes I forget.
Forget it if you can.
I no longer remember.
We're different, you and I.
I have to remember
because it's my fault.
Why do you think that?
That's the way it is.
Parents who outlive their children
are sinners.
If I have a good life,
I'll be blamed for that.
And if my life is a mess,
I'll be blamed for not living
appropriately after my child's death.
I'll also be blamed
for laughing and crying.
People will point fingers, no matter what.
If I get drunk and get in a bad mood,
don't hate me.
You don't age anyway.
Do you?
Mun-su!
Mun-su…
Thank goodness.
What a relief.
Mun-su!
Are you okay, Mun-su?
Mun-su, can you hear me?
Mom.
Yes, it's me.
It's Mommy. You're okay now.
You're okay.
-Where's Yeon-su?
-Yeon-su?
What are you saying?
You were with her.
Mun-su, wake up.
What about Yeon-su?
Where is she? Weren't you with her?
I don't know.
You don't know?
What do you mean, you don't know?
Think!
Yeon-su! Where's Yeon-su?
-Honey.
-Why?
Why are you here alone? Why?
Why are you here without her?
Yeon-su!
Think, Mun-su!
Is it her?
It's better if you don't look.
Let go of me.
-Yeon-su!
-Honey!
Yeon-su!
I told you to stay with her.
I specifically told you to!
What about you?
Where did you go after dropping them off?
-I told you not to take her like that.
-Are you blaming me now?
Are you saying it's all my fault?
You were always busy working.
You never even took care of the kids.
Where were you
when we were looking for Yeon-su?
Where were you?
Ha Yeon-su's parent, please.
You still don't remember…
what happened during the accident?
Forget it.
It's no good remembering anyway.
Thank goodness you're alive.
We should be grateful for small mercies.
There are no small mercies.
An encounter with bad luck…
is just an unfortunate thing.
GIMBAP, NOODLES
Welcome.
I'll have the noodles. Spicy, please.
Aren't you going to ask about Mom?
Today is Yeon-su's birthday.
Why didn't you come home?
Is that why you came?
Yes.
I came to remind you.
They came to this conclusion
after a fierce debate.
The Democratic Party of Korea
and the People Party reached a compromise…
GALAXY INN
Unbelievable!
This is no joke!
That's 500 won!
-For goodness' sake!
-I can't believe it.
What's going on?
-What's with you?
-Come here.
-What's up?
-What are you saying?
-Stop it.
-Why? We're not strangers.
Come on!
Come here for a minute.
-Please.
-Seriously.
You're so pretty.
-I'm serious.
-What's with you? You drive me crazy.
Keep still.
Don't you sleep?
Give me a break!
Every night! Do it with your mouths shut!
BEEF TRIPE
Does it taste good?
You fired me and refused to pay me.
And now you're drinking here?
I shared the burden of hardship,
but you benefited from it.
These days…
bad guys live well and sleep easy!
What kind of crap is that?
Don't you think?
Mister!
Don't shake your finger at me.
Are you happy to eat pork
after you took my money?
Grow up, asshole.
Stop exploiting people.
What's going on?
Who are you?
Damn…
Hey, mister.
Are you okay?
No hospitals stay open this late.
I couldn't leave
an injured person out on the street.
Hello?
Yes.
CLICK "ADD" TO IMPORT CONTACTS
FROM YOUR ACCOUNT
NOODLES AND GIMBAP
Gosh.
What's this?
Are you okay now?
I cleaned your wounds,
but you should see a doctor.
You're badly hurt.
Your phone's been ringing nonstop.
I didn't answer in case of trouble.
But…
GALAXY INN
Hey, you.
Why are you here?
Shouldn't you be at the hospital?
I didn't ask for this.
What's wrong with giving my sister
some pocket money?
You live in this cheap boardinghouse
and you want to give me money?
-You're well?
-You didn't answer my calls.
Are you studying hard?
What happened to your face?
Did you eat?
Don't stay here. Come home.
This is my home.
-You live recklessly!
-What do you mean?
I work hard to be able to see you.
Stop pretending you're fine.
It doesn't fly with me.
Leave. This place doesn't suit you.
Gang-du, where have you been?
Why are you in my room again?
Mom had to clean up my room,
so she kicked me out.
-Did you get into a fight again?
-No.
Does it hurt?
Jeez. Yes, it does.
Check the cans
to see if there's any beer left.
Okay. A while ago,
a beautiful lady came looking for you.
She came in here
and cried for a while.
You shouldn't make girls cry.
You'll be punished for it.
She's not my girlfriend. She's my sister.
It's okay to make your sister cry?
No, it's not.
I've seen her before.
-What?
-Huh?
Nothing.
I never go to a café for coffee.
This espresso machine is really expensive.
It looks expensive.
I heard Mr. Seo
renovated this place himself.
He chose the materials.
Seriously,
he's so stylish,
although he dresses casually.
Doesn't he look rich?
I heard his family is rich.
They aren't just loaded.
They're a noble family, shall we say?
No wonder.
That's how he can run this office
at such a young age.
-He must be talented.
-Sorry?
He runs the business
because he's talented,
not just because he's rich.
Where's Dad?
He's not very well.
I don't think you can see him today.
I know you made time
to come here. I'm sorry.
I can come again.
Let's eat. It's been a while
since I had your food.
I can't tell
whose house this is.
Give Dad his meal first.
Go ahead.
When does your sister return to Korea?
Next week.
She insists on coming back.
Who can dissuade her?
Didn't we plan
a business district initially?
Why the health services
and the energy efficiency?
There was an accident in the C Zone,
so it's difficult to use it
solely for business purposes.
Who still remembers that?
Besides, it happened because of your dad.
And my dad cleaned up the mess he made!
That's enough.
-Why are you bringing that up again?
-Exactly.
For your late father's sake,
do it well, without any mistakes.
Don't worry.
Ju-won.
Take this. You just need to warm it up.
Okay. Go back in.
Ju-won.
I heard Yu-jin will come back
and take over your business.
Will that be okay?
It has to be.
I don't want you to take that project.
Why would you build in that area?
It's like I'm looking at your dad,
so I feel anxious.
I don't want you involved
in any risky business--
Dad didn't do anything risky.
I know.
I do, but I swallowed my pride
to be part of this family.
I know you did it for me,
so I'm grateful to you.
No matter how hard I tried
or how talented I was,
I couldn't have come
this far without their help.
If people saw this,
would they say I became
his second wife to inherit his fortune?
I'm like an unpaid maid.
Go back in. You'll get yelled at again.
Okay.
I told him about you. Go meet him.
He said he's on the site management team.
It sounded all flashy and snazzy,
but I don't know what kind of work it is.
MEDICAL INNOVATION CITY
CHEONGYU CONSTRUCTION
Goodness.
How can she recommend someone like this?
Does she think
the team hires just anybody?
What have you been doing all this time?
There's nothing on your resume.
Spit out your gum.
This is a job interview. Unbelievable.
We switch shifts every week.
Today, you'll work a full shift, 24 hours.
You'll work the night shift tomorrow,
so come by at 7:00 p.m.
Anyway, your first day of work…
Hey, are you listening to me?
Yes.
The main task is checking people
who enter and exit.
There'll be a research building
in the C Zone.
I heard this area will be a park.
They'll build that last,
so you don't need to worry about it.
And if you go over there…
Hey, what are you staring at?
Good grief! You'd better work hard.
-This is only the beginning.
-Okay.
Study the climate
of the past ten years to predict it.
-Okay.
-It's a humid area, a lot of typhoons.
Study the equipment use
and users' movements
to get the external force.
Is the draft of the lobby design ready?
I'll finish it today.
Mr. Seo seemed
a bit sensitive in today's meeting.
A new project leader in Cheongyu
will be appointed next week.
He just wants to go over everything.
There's still debate
over the unveiling ceremony.
Right. I feel uneasy about that too.
-Is it necessary?
-What are you talking about?
You don't know?
A huge accident
happened on the site in the past.
An accident?
They said they'd erect a memorial
before construction begins.
It's worth commemorating.
Only 48 people died
in such a huge accident.
Forty-eight? That's it?
These days, hundreds of people die
when a tragic accident occurs.
-Ten years ago--
-Forty-eight people.
Only 48 people? No.
Forty-eight people died. That many.
BIOTOWN, THE CRADLE OF LIFE
CASE STUDY: THE S MALL COLLAPSE IN 2005
AN UNBELIEVABLY HORRIBLE SIGHT
THE COLLAPSED BUILDING
THE VICTIMS OF THE SPACE S MALL COLLAPSE
Commemorate what?
A TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY
OF THE VICTIMS OF THE TRAGIC ACCIDENT
SPECIAL THANKS TO KIM KWANG-KYU
The girl who brought me here.
Who is she?
The man who came in
a while ago. Who is he?
He seemed to be from the site.
Are rough guys your type?
Do you work there?
I've seen you before.
We became a family after all.
Our priority should have been us.
Things would have been tough.
What about now?
I'm sorry about earlier.
You don't take the elevator.
I forgot that.
It's okay. Don't worry about it.
I can't help it.
Don't expect too much.
You can't marry him anyway.
Try to forget him.
You marry your wife for love?
Not all love stories end in marriage.
You may look fine
on the outside, but you're not.
Don't be reckless because you're young.
How can I live
in this crazy world without being crazy?
Do you still see things?
Subtitle translation by: Jungyun Ahn